void_keyword -> void
principal_keyword -> principal
left_parenthesis -> є
right_parenthesis -> э
left_block -> ¿
let_keyword -> let
int_keyword -> int
identifier -> x
assignment_operator -> =
int_literal -> 10
delimiter -> $
let_keyword -> let
float_keyword -> float
identifier -> y
assignment_operator -> =
float_literal -> 3.14
delimiter -> $
let_keyword -> let
bool_keyword -> bool
identifier -> activo
assignment_operator -> =
bool_literal -> True
delimiter -> $
let_keyword -> let
char_keyword -> char
identifier -> letra
assignment_operator -> =
char_literal -> A
delimiter -> $
let_keyword -> let
int_keyword -> int
identifier -> suma
assignment_operator -> =
identifier -> x
plus_operator -> +
int_literal -> 5
delimiter -> $
let_keyword -> let
int_keyword -> int
identifier -> producto
assignment_operator -> =
identifier -> x
multiplication_operator -> *
int_literal -> 2
delimiter -> $
output_keyword -> output
identifier -> x
delimiter -> $
output_keyword -> output
identifier -> suma
delimiter -> $
right_block -> ?
